[WHISTLING TUNE]
[CONTINUES WHISTLING]
Don't go too far.
[STOPS WHISTLING]
Elsie.
Elsie!
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH QUICKLY]
A nationwide manhunt
is underway for this man,
Tyler Brandon Mills,
in connection with the
Federal Building massacre.
We never should have
bumped him up from weather.
Sibilant S's.
I'm late, I'm late, I'm late.
Why didn't you call me?
You're the boss.
Bosses are never late.
You heard the guy.
Nationwide manhunt.
Who do you think's
in charge of that thing?
I ordered you pancakes.
I'm sorry. I don't have time.
You're going to catch
Tyler Brandon Mills
today, huh?
No, uh-uh.
No extra tips from me.
Not even a little one?
I promise you,
when we catch the guy,
you will get the exclusive.
I already have the exclusive.
[CHUCKLES]
Gotta go,
gotta go, gotta go.
Got a 40-year-old female,
abdominal trauma.
Vitals are unstable.
Call a trauma panel and...
ER DOCTOR: Thanks.
I'll take it from here.
WOMAN: [OVER PA]
All personnel...
I was sleeping, man.
Dude, what is
up with you?
Canto, where are we
on Mills?
They're running his photo
on all the channels.
We have eyes on his parents,
his apartment.
We're watching
his financials.
Tips are pouring in,
but nothing solid yet.
Anything real,
come straight to me.
Where are Durand
and Gunnarsen?
They're in
the conference room.
The Hobbit.
Were you expecting Mein Kampf?
[CHUCKLES]
You two,
I want updates in 10.
[SIGHS]
Tyler is smart.
He likes fantasy,
military history.
The politics came later.
After he was disqualified
from the army.
Yeah. He wanted to be
the big man
with the big gun.
Couldn't pull it off.
He has every iteration
of video game consoles.
Every first-person
shooter.
My son wants this stuff,
but my wife's not having it.
Smart woman.
Ha.
Take a look at this.
He has an admirer.
Had an admirer.
These are from 10 years ago.
Liza Tutee.
Was she on the list
of friends and family?
No. She's new.
Day one with Byrne
go all right?
Yeah, she's sharp.
Why? You expecting
a problem?
No.
Before, she, um...
She was one of the best.
Then why are we
having this conversation?
Because I worry about her.
Because she's my friend.
Look, guys I served with
in Iraq were broken by less.
And she's still here.
Listen. You're uniquely
qualified to recognize
if she's struggling,
so keep an eye
on her for me
and let me know
if anything comes up.
Okay.
His pulse is thready.
How much longer
to the hospital?
Still 10 minutes out.
There's no exit wound.
Bullet's still inside.
I'm gonna have to take it out.
You can't.
Yeah, but if it embolizes,
it'll go straight
to his heart.
Who even knows
if an embolism will happen?
I know it's unlikely,
but still...
EMT DRIVER:
Case closed. All right?
Apply pressure, give fluids,
and get his ass
to a real doctor.
That's our job.
Jack.
Yeah, all right.
CANTO: You kill that,
I kill you.
No need for violence.
We can brew some more.
Sorry.
This case
is destroying me.
Slept under my desk
last night.
Your nobody's case
sounds like a vacation
right about now.
You know why they call
the victims nobodies?
No.
So the rest of us
can feel safe with
only one killer in town.
We're all nobodies, Canto.
Hey.
What you
working on?
Been looking
into the fentanyl.
I'm not getting anywhere
tracking his supplier.
Do you know you can get
pure fentanyl online?
Dark web.
They mail it to you,
tiny packages.
But none of the dealers
want to be known for it
'cause it's bad for business.
But it's not hard to come by.
I mean, his M.O.'s
the same every time.
It's like he's not
even trying to hide
that it's him.
But a fentanyl shot,
it's like using a cannon
instead of a gun
to do the job, right?
Okay. Spitballing here.
Let's go with
the theory that
the vics were easy targets
chosen at random, right?Mmm-hmm.
Valerie McNair,
she's practically a vagrant,
traveling alone.
Farley's a sleazy lawyer,
door's always open.
Rivera isolated himself
by trying to
start a turf war.
So if we start by
looking at the vics
and where they were
in the week leading up to,
you know,
before they died.
No, no. Wait, wait.
Rivera wasn't an easy target.
Why?
He was a part of a gang.
He had a Glock
in his waistband.
He had a .22 in his sock.
I mean, what if it's not
just about, like,
random targets?
What if they're
actually connected?
They're all
in the system, right?
Farley wasn't.
Yeah, but Farley
worked for the system.
[PHONE RINGING]
Cal Isaac.
Yeah.
That's PPD. There's been
another lethal injection.
Who?
Congressman Eli Ramos.
Not an easy target, is he?
A congressman is a big leap
from a bus bench lawyer.
The party's
next great hope.Yeah.
Wait, are those hives?
Let's flag it
and send it to the M.E.
So it's the same M.O.
Mmm-hmm.
[SIGHS]
Our killer's precise.
But why is he choosing
all of these people?
I mean, look.
Wallet, fancy car keys.
Right out in the open.
The killer left them behind.
So it's not a robbery.
He gets inside.
He does his job
and he gets out.
Sounds like
a professional.
Sonny.
Thanks.
Hey, have the unis
spoken to the neighbors?
Yeah, they're canvassing
right now.
CAL: Oh, shit.
You want me to bring the car
around the back?
No.
We're good.
Okay.
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
REPORTER 1: What can
you tell us about
Congressman Ramos?
REPORTER 2: Agent Byrne,
what's it like to be back?
REPORTER 3:
How did you get clearance?
Officer, keep them back.
REPORTER 4: Agent Byrne!
CAL: Clear the path.
Get out of the way.
[REPORTERS
CONTINUE CLAMORING]
Get out of the way.
REPORTER 2: Agent Byrne,
do you have anything to say?
Can you answer
a few questions?
Agent Byrne!
Over here, over here.
Are you back with
the FBI?
Can you answer
a few questions
about this case?
[GASPING]
Can you handle this?
Yeah.
I'm fine.
If it's too much
too soon...No, no.
I'm fine.
I just didn't expect
to be a part of the story.
[HIGH-PITCHED RINGING]
[BREATHES SHAKILY]
CAL: [ECHOES] Byrne.
Byrne.
You all right?
EMILY: Yeah.
Uh, the autopsy reports
are just
getting to me.
I think I'm just gonna
call it a day.
Okay.
[EXHALES HEAVILY]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
♪ Inside of a world
I don't know
♪ She tries to fill up
my heart, a black hole
♪ And try as hard as I might
I can't let go
♪ She stands there
with an open heart
♪ Firin' her up
no, I must run far
♪ Can't heal these
One shooting star
♪ Broken dreams and scars
♪ My feelings are reasons
♪ Inside my heart
the rainy season... ♪
Hi.
Hey.
[CLEARS THROAT]
What are you having?
Vodka, neat.
Mike. Vodka, neat.
So, uh,
what do you need?
I wanted to see you.
I don't like
how we left things.
Okay.
Why did you call?
Just wanted to hang out,
try to be normal, you know?
Wanna get outta here?
Yeah, uh, okay.
Um... Uh...
You don't wanna
drink first?
Come on.
Sure. Wait.
Oh!
[LAUGHS]
Are you okay?
[EMILY PANTING]
I love you.
[VENDING MACHINE BEEPS]
REPORTER: [ON TV]
Shocking news
as Congressman Eli Ramos
was found dead
in his home today.
The Boston board representative was only 42 years old.
The FBI has declined to make any comment regarding the nature of his death.
Esti! Hey, Esti!
Hey.
What happened to that patient
I brought in earlier, the GSW?
Mmm-hmm. Uh,
bullet embolism.
They took him to surgery,
but he didn't make it.
There was nothing
we could do.
Thank you.
Yeah.
[SIGHS]
Hey, it's me.
Hey.
Is that your first
or your fifth?
[CHUCKLES]
Um...
I shouldn't have called.
I'm glad you did.
So...
Uh...
Today was tough.
And, um,
well, when things get tough,
I usually head to the bar.
But you didn't
get a drink.
It's progress,
not perfection.
Yeah, that, um...
That sounds
like program talk.
Al-Anon,
or actually, Alateen.
Your mom or your dad?
Try both.
Come on. I'll tell you
about it over lunch.
You're buying.
[CHUCKLES] Okay.
What do we got?
Liza Tutee, 25,
lives with her parents
in Lowell.
She's an orderly
at a retirement home.
Isolated,
no peers to speak of.
She lives on social media,
but went dark
three days ago.
Huge blow for
her nine followers.
That was the last day
Tyler Brandon Mills
was at his parents' house.
The same day, Liza made
a giant purchase
from Bedford Sporting Goods.
We pulled the receipt.
Propane canisters,
two sleeping bags
and a whole lot of ammo.
Well, that's enough for me.
Let's get a tail
on Miss Tutee.
[MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO]
♪ Look to the right
♪ Up and down
make you feel all right
♪ I can do it in the morning
or the afternoon
♪ Saturday night can't
come too soon I gotta
one-way ticket on a... ♪
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
EMILY: Hey, good morning.
CAL: Hey.
You on your way in?
Yeah, what's up?
Well, don't go
directly to the office.
They found another body.
I'll text you the location.
EMILY: Another one already.
CAL: He's dropping big game.
Clay Bishop, man.
He's a first-ballot
Hall of Famer.
Boston's gonna
lose its mind.
So, two bodies in 24 hours.
When did this happen?
Housekeeper found him
this morning.
Wife, she was clubbing.
She stayed
at a friend's house.
Unis are doing
the notifications now.
Did we turn off
the cameras?
No. They were cut
when we got here.
So, Bishop had
223 to his stats,
two championship rings.
Thank you.
250 pounds
of pure muscle.
EMILY: Yet our killer
took him down.
How? He's a beast.
Birthmark or rash?
Hmm.
There's another one.
Cal.
What is that?
CAL: Looks like a needle.
Must have snapped off.
Killer made a mistake.
Clay fought back.
Yeah. Mmm-hmm.
Killer would have to be
a big guy himself.
Or a woman,
using a different approach
to get close.
[DOG WHIMPERING IN DISTANCE]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
...twenty-seven.
Hey, hey.
Can we have a minute?
Sorry.
[WHIMPERING]
[SHUSHING]
Cal?
Okay.
[SHUSHING]
You're okay.
Good boy, good boy.
Hi, buddy. Good boy.
Good boy. Shh.
Nice. You did good.
CAL: Guys, come here.
Bring a kit.
We're gonna need a vet.
Hi.
[SHUSHING]
CAL: Good boy.
There's blood on his teeth.
I need a swab.
Swab.
[SOFTLY] Hi. Relax.
Yeah, you're good.
Nice job, buddy.
Thank you.
Shh.
CAL: Good boy.
Good job.
Here.
Good boy.
There you go.
Oh, whoa there.
That's precious cargo.
It's okay. I'm good.
No, I wouldn't want
you to lose all of your,
uh, toilet paper.
Let me, uh...
Let me give you a hand.
Oh!
Yes. Chunky PB.
My son...
My son only likes smooth.
Amateur.
You could try and mix in
a little at a time,
build a tolerance.
Smart.
Sorry, sorry.
No, no, no. Let me.
I'm sorry.
It's my mess,
my fix.
I babble and then
drop all of your, uh...
Your chicken soup.
See? All better.
Thanks.
Yeah. Thank you, though,
for, um, the tip.
Did they have it?
No, they didn't have it.
They said to
stop by next week.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Nice work, soccer dad.
Agent Crown,
tracking device locked in.
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
There are three cars.
One is Liza's.
We don't know
about the other two.
CROWN:
We got something.Hold tight.
I'll text you
the location.
Cabin belongs to a family.
No relation to Liza Tutee.
Crown, have you located
the owners yet?
Julianne's on the phone
with the wife.
She says her husband
and daughter were leaving
the cabin hours ago.
I'm sending a photo now.
His name is Arthur.
Kid is Elsie.
Good. Waiting on your signal.
Okay, we're good.
Let's get into position.
AGENT: [ON RADIO] Agent Durand, male body down.
Repeat, male body down.
No apparent vitals.
The child is not in sight.
We may have
a hostage situation.
[CRYING QUIETLY]
[CAN OPENS]
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[CAMERA WHIRRING]
AGENT: First floor, all clear. No visual on the upper level.
Contact!
[INDISTINCT SCREAMING
AND SHOUTING]
Don't shoot.
We don't know
where the kid is.
[GUN CLICKING]
[GRUNTING]
[GASPING
AND WHIMPERING]
[GROANS]
Hey, well done, Nick.
You're the man.
[ALL CHEER]
Nice job, Nick.
Great job, man.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks. Team effort,
ladies and gentlemen.
Team effort.
Great work.
Thank you.
You're okay.
Hey.
How you doing?
You all right?
Um, sounded like
that was pretty tight
out there.
Yeah, getting that hostage
out safe was just...
She was drugged,
but the medics said
she'll be okay.
Listen, Nick,
every team has a leader.
And Boston is gonna sleep safe
tonight because of you.
Don't you forget that.
Yeah.
Okay?
Okay.
Thanks, Derek.
Hey.
Um... Thank you.
You saved my life today.
Did I?
Tyler had us pinned down
and he wasn't gonna stop.
I got him on the reload.
He was too slow.
He wasn't military trained.
Packing more heat
than he knew what to do with.
Which I knew,
because of the profile.
And tomorrow,
we have to talk to him.
Yeah.
Nice work today,
Agent Durand. Good job.
I thought you were
taking the day off.
Congratulations.
Thank you. Thanks.
CAL: Where is
the housekeeper now?EMILY: She's in...
Just letting you know,
I'll be consulting
on this case in
permanent capacity now.
Excellent.
EMILY: Right.
Where are we?
CAL: Uh...
The crime scene
is immaculate.
There's no DNA,
no, uh...
No fingerprints.
It's not a robbery.
He times his entrances
and exits perfectly.
He cuts the cameras.
He knows what he's doing.
So he's not leaving us
much to go on.
Sounds like a pro.
If he is a pro,
then who is he working for?
And why is he choosing
these people?
What's their
connection, right?
We started with the theory
that they might have
met in the system.
But the only time
Bishop was in court
was his two divorces.
I mean, if we dig deep enough,
we'll find a connection.
Okay. Sounds like
you made a good start.
Thanks.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Okay. Okay, okay.
Uh...
Bishop, Bishop, Bishop.
Bishop, Bishop...
The... The rash
or the hives, um...
What about the hives?
What if it was
environmentally induced,
you know, like poison ivy?
Mmm-hmm.
Marco had them,
according to
his autopsy report.
Farley had it too.
Okay. Uh, Bishop,
where's Bishop's file?
Here. There. Yeah.
Yeah.
He had it too.
I thought it was
a port wine stain,
and it's a rash.
Valerie Chandris had it.
Maybe they were all
in the same place.
Let's see if
they crossed paths.
Hey, honey.
Alice?
Hey. Hey.
Where is she, buddy?
[PANTING]
Is she at work today?
[FOOD SEARING]
Stay.
Sleep here tonight.
EMILY: What are you doing?
Just a little something.
[KISSES]
You can have it.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I gotta pee.
Okay.
Don't move.
[GRUNTS]
[URINATING]
[SNIFFS]
[BLOWS NOSE]
What's this?
Why are you going through
my things?
I found it
in the trash can.
What is this?
[TUTS]
Sodium pentothal.
You shooting up
truth serum?
I'm trying to remember, Tom.
You know that.
Did it work?
Fragments, yeah.
That's a Schedule II drug.
You can't do that.
Hey, this shit
is dangerous.
I think you and I have
different ideas
of what's dangerous...
Come on, come on.
Just...Get off. Please.
Why are you doing this?
Why are you
being this way?
I don't think
you should be here...
I just don't want you
to hurt yourself.
I think you should
get going, Tom...Come on.
This isn't gonna work.
You really ought to go.
Don't do this.
There's nothing
here for you.
This is who I am.
So what?
Nobody normal would want me.
I want you!
Then you gotta be crazy!
I can't get to you.
Do you see this?
I can't swim through this shit
in my head. It's killing me.
That's bullshit.
Come here...Just, please... No, get off.
Just go, please.
Look at me. Look at me.
Tell me this isn't real.
[EMILY SOBS]
Please, just go.
[HIGH-PITCHED RINGING]
Okay, let's talk.
Just go!
[GROANING]
Just go.
[GRUNTS] No.
What are you doing?
Get off. Get off.
Get off. Get off me.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GROANS]
Emily. Stop.
Please, stop!
[TOMMY GRUNTS]
Stop.
[BOTH COUGHING]
What are you doing?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Just stop!
[GROANS]
[COUGHS]
I'm sorry.
Emily, let's just
calm down, okay?
[BOTH PANTING]
Let's just...
I'm just gonna go home.
[GROANING]
[STRAINED GRUNTING]
[STRAINED] Stop.
Stop.
[PANTING]
No. No. No! Tommy.
[WHEEZING]
No.
[CONTINUES WHEEZING]
I'm sorry.
Go fuck yourself.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]